0	Cyber-thieves seek to cash in on Bitcoin boom	Bitcoin is valuable but hard to mine so many are now turning to other crypto-coins. Bitcoin's booming value has driven a huge rise in crypto-currency themed malware, say security firms. In one month, anti-malware software company Malwarebytes said it stopped almost 250 million attempts to place coin-mining malware on to PCs.
1	Cash Converters customer data breached	High Street pawnbroker Cash Converters has warned customers about a data breach on its website. The company said customer usernames, passwords and addresses had potentially been accessed by a third party. The data breach exposed accounts on the company's old UK website, which was replaced in September 2017.
2	Why You Should Smile in Your Online Photo	There is a marked difference in how first impressions are made through photographs versus in person. Because of the lasting power of first impressions, it is necessary to strategize both.  Regarding virtual communication, people can spend time thinking through answers before hitting the keyboard, making undesirable characteristics easier to hide. Yet photographs communicate personality traits as well. ...
3	E-cigarettes may trigger unique and potentially damaging immune responses: experts warn	E-cigarettes appear to trigger unique immune responses as well as the same ones that cigarettes trigger that can lead to lung disease, according to a new study, published this week in the American Thoracic Society's American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. ...
4	Driver arrested after hitting and injuring several people outside London museum	London Metropolitan Police said on Saturday afternoon a car hit and injured several pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum in West London.  One person has been arrested by security staff members following the incident in Exhibition Road in South Kensington.  A spokesperson of Scotland Yard said: It is not being treated as a terrorist incident at this stage while we establish what has happened.  Images and footages on social showed a black Toyota Prius mounted the pavement. ...
5	US couple stole goods worth $1.2m from Amazon	A couple in the US have admitted stealing goods from Amazon valued at more than $1.2m (£910,000) by repeatedly pretending that items they ordered were damaged in the post. Erin Joseph Finan, 38, and Leah Jeanette Finan, 37, from Indiana, have pleaded guilty to postal fraud and money laundering. The couple face fines of up to $500,000, as well as prison sentences of up to 20 years. They will be sentenced on 9 November. According to local newspaper the Muncie Star Press, the Finans used hundreds of false online identities to order popular tech gadgets from Amazon, including Samsung smartwatches,
6	Study: Daily Half Hour's Exercise Could Prevent 1 in 12 Early Deaths	People who exercise five days a week for 30 minutes significantly reduce their risk of dying early and of developing heart disease, even if a sports club or gym is not an option, according to a new international study. Tracking 130,000 people in 17 countries, both rich and poor, the study found that whether it's going to the gym, walking to work, or tackling household chores like laundry or gardening, being physically active extends life and reduces illness.
7	Alexa, What Do You See? Amazon Said to Be Working on Glasses	Amazon is attempting to develop glasses that pair with Alexa and would allow users to access the voice-activated assistant outside the home, according to a newspaper report. The Financial Times, citing anonymous sources, says the glasses could be released before the end of the year. Amazon.com Inc., based in Seattle, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
8	Six injured in London noxious substance attack	At least six people have been injured in an attack with noxious substance involved near a popular shopping center in Stratford, east London, on Saturday night.  Police and emergency services rushed to the scene near the Stratford Centre following reports of a group of males spraying people with what was believed to be noxious substance.  The metropolitan police have confirmed one male has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm....
9	Tech Leaders Prepare to Fight DACA Decision	They took to Twitter, Facebook and their corporate blog posts.  They called their congressional representatives, signed letters and pledged to fight. This week, many tech industry leaders geared up for battle after the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows people in the U.S. without legal documents to live, work and go to school without fear of deportation.
10	Cyber-thieves seek to cash in on Bitcoin boom	Bitcoin is valuable but hard to mine so many are now turning to other crypto-coins. Bitcoin's booming value has driven a huge rise in crypto-currency themed malware, say security firms. In one month, anti-malware software company Malwarebytes said it stopped almost 250 million attempts to place coin-mining malware on to PCs.
11	Cash Converters customer data breached	High Street pawnbroker Cash Converters has warned customers about a data breach on its website. The company said customer usernames, passwords and addresses had potentially been accessed by a third party. The data breach exposed accounts on the company's old UK website, which was replaced in September 2017.
12	Why You Should Smile in Your Online Photo	There is a marked difference in how first impressions are made through photographs versus in person. Because of the lasting power of first impressions, it is necessary to strategize both.  Regarding virtual communication, people can spend time thinking through answers before hitting the keyboard, making undesirable characteristics easier to hide. Yet photographs communicate personality traits as well. ...
13	E-cigarettes may trigger unique and potentially damaging immune responses: experts warn	E-cigarettes appear to trigger unique immune responses as well as the same ones that cigarettes trigger that can lead to lung disease, according to a new study, published this week in the American Thoracic Society's American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. ...
14	Driver arrested after hitting and injuring several people outside London museum	London Metropolitan Police said on Saturday afternoon a car hit and injured several pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum in West London.  One person has been arrested by security staff members following the incident in Exhibition Road in South Kensington.  A spokesperson of Scotland Yard said: It is not being treated as a terrorist incident at this stage while we establish what has happened.  Images and footages on social showed a black Toyota Prius mounted the pavement. ...
15	US couple stole goods worth $1.2m from Amazon	A couple in the US have admitted stealing goods from Amazon valued at more than $1.2m (£910,000) by repeatedly pretending that items they ordered were damaged in the post. Erin Joseph Finan, 38, and Leah Jeanette Finan, 37, from Indiana, have pleaded guilty to postal fraud and money laundering. The couple face fines of up to $500,000, as well as prison sentences of up to 20 years. They will be sentenced on 9 November. According to local newspaper the Muncie Star Press, the Finans used hundreds of false online identities to order popular tech gadgets from Amazon, including Samsung smartwatches,
16	Study: Daily Half Hour's Exercise Could Prevent 1 in 12 Early Deaths	People who exercise five days a week for 30 minutes significantly reduce their risk of dying early and of developing heart disease, even if a sports club or gym is not an option, according to a new international study. Tracking 130,000 people in 17 countries, both rich and poor, the study found that whether it's going to the gym, walking to work, or tackling household chores like laundry or gardening, being physically active extends life and reduces illness.
17	Alexa, What Do You See? Amazon Said to Be Working on Glasses	Amazon is attempting to develop glasses that pair with Alexa and would allow users to access the voice-activated assistant outside the home, according to a newspaper report. The Financial Times, citing anonymous sources, says the glasses could be released before the end of the year. Amazon.com Inc., based in Seattle, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
18	Six injured in London noxious substance attack	At least six people have been injured in an attack with noxious substance involved near a popular shopping center in Stratford, east London, on Saturday night.  Police and emergency services rushed to the scene near the Stratford Centre following reports of a group of males spraying people with what was believed to be noxious substance.  The metropolitan police have confirmed one male has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm....
19	Tech Leaders Prepare to Fight DACA Decision	They took to Twitter, Facebook and their corporate blog posts.  They called their congressional representatives, signed letters and pledged to fight. This week, many tech industry leaders geared up for battle after the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows people in the U.S. without legal documents to live, work and go to school without fear of deportation.
20	Cyber-thieves seek to cash in on Bitcoin boom	Bitcoin is valuable but hard to mine so many are now turning to other crypto-coins. Bitcoin's booming value has driven a huge rise in crypto-currency themed malware, say security firms. In one month, anti-malware software company Malwarebytes said it stopped almost 250 million attempts to place coin-mining malware on to PCs.
21	Cash Converters customer data breached	High Street pawnbroker Cash Converters has warned customers about a data breach on its website. The company said customer usernames, passwords and addresses had potentially been accessed by a third party. The data breach exposed accounts on the company's old UK website, which was replaced in September 2017.
22	Why You Should Smile in Your Online Photo	There is a marked difference in how first impressions are made through photographs versus in person. Because of the lasting power of first impressions, it is necessary to strategize both.  Regarding virtual communication, people can spend time thinking through answers before hitting the keyboard, making undesirable characteristics easier to hide. Yet photographs communicate personality traits as well. ...
23	E-cigarettes may trigger unique and potentially damaging immune responses: experts warn	E-cigarettes appear to trigger unique immune responses as well as the same ones that cigarettes trigger that can lead to lung disease, according to a new study, published this week in the American Thoracic Society's American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. ...
24	Driver arrested after hitting and injuring several people outside London museum	London Metropolitan Police said on Saturday afternoon a car hit and injured several pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum in West London.  One person has been arrested by security staff members following the incident in Exhibition Road in South Kensington.  A spokesperson of Scotland Yard said: It is not being treated as a terrorist incident at this stage while we establish what has happened.  Images and footages on social showed a black Toyota Prius mounted the pavement. ...
25	US couple stole goods worth $1.2m from Amazon	A couple in the US have admitted stealing goods from Amazon valued at more than $1.2m (£910,000) by repeatedly pretending that items they ordered were damaged in the post. Erin Joseph Finan, 38, and Leah Jeanette Finan, 37, from Indiana, have pleaded guilty to postal fraud and money laundering. The couple face fines of up to $500,000, as well as prison sentences of up to 20 years. They will be sentenced on 9 November. According to local newspaper the Muncie Star Press, the Finans used hundreds of false online identities to order popular tech gadgets from Amazon, including Samsung smartwatches,
26	Study: Daily Half Hour's Exercise Could Prevent 1 in 12 Early Deaths	People who exercise five days a week for 30 minutes significantly reduce their risk of dying early and of developing heart disease, even if a sports club or gym is not an option, according to a new international study. Tracking 130,000 people in 17 countries, both rich and poor, the study found that whether it's going to the gym, walking to work, or tackling household chores like laundry or gardening, being physically active extends life and reduces illness.
27	Alexa, What Do You See? Amazon Said to Be Working on Glasses	Amazon is attempting to develop glasses that pair with Alexa and would allow users to access the voice-activated assistant outside the home, according to a newspaper report. The Financial Times, citing anonymous sources, says the glasses could be released before the end of the year. Amazon.com Inc., based in Seattle, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
28	Six injured in London noxious substance attack	At least six people have been injured in an attack with noxious substance involved near a popular shopping center in Stratford, east London, on Saturday night.  Police and emergency services rushed to the scene near the Stratford Centre following reports of a group of males spraying people with what was believed to be noxious substance.  The metropolitan police have confirmed one male has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm....
29	Tech Leaders Prepare to Fight DACA Decision	They took to Twitter, Facebook and their corporate blog posts.  They called their congressional representatives, signed letters and pledged to fight. This week, many tech industry leaders geared up for battle after the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows people in the U.S. without legal documents to live, work and go to school without fear of deportation.
30	Cyber-thieves seek to cash in on Bitcoin boom	Bitcoin is valuable but hard to mine so many are now turning to other crypto-coins. Bitcoin's booming value has driven a huge rise in crypto-currency themed malware, say security firms. In one month, anti-malware software company Malwarebytes said it stopped almost 250 million attempts to place coin-mining malware on to PCs.
31	Cash Converters customer data breached	High Street pawnbroker Cash Converters has warned customers about a data breach on its website. The company said customer usernames, passwords and addresses had potentially been accessed by a third party. The data breach exposed accounts on the company's old UK website, which was replaced in September 2017.
32	Why You Should Smile in Your Online Photo	There is a marked difference in how first impressions are made through photographs versus in person. Because of the lasting power of first impressions, it is necessary to strategize both.  Regarding virtual communication, people can spend time thinking through answers before hitting the keyboard, making undesirable characteristics easier to hide. Yet photographs communicate personality traits as well. ...
33	E-cigarettes may trigger unique and potentially damaging immune responses: experts warn	E-cigarettes appear to trigger unique immune responses as well as the same ones that cigarettes trigger that can lead to lung disease, according to a new study, published this week in the American Thoracic Society's American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. ...
34	Driver arrested after hitting and injuring several people outside London museum	London Metropolitan Police said on Saturday afternoon a car hit and injured several pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum in West London.  One person has been arrested by security staff members following the incident in Exhibition Road in South Kensington.  A spokesperson of Scotland Yard said: It is not being treated as a terrorist incident at this stage while we establish what has happened.  Images and footages on social showed a black Toyota Prius mounted the pavement. ...
35	US couple stole goods worth $1.2m from Amazon	A couple in the US have admitted stealing goods from Amazon valued at more than $1.2m (£910,000) by repeatedly pretending that items they ordered were damaged in the post. Erin Joseph Finan, 38, and Leah Jeanette Finan, 37, from Indiana, have pleaded guilty to postal fraud and money laundering. The couple face fines of up to $500,000, as well as prison sentences of up to 20 years. They will be sentenced on 9 November. According to local newspaper the Muncie Star Press, the Finans used hundreds of false online identities to order popular tech gadgets from Amazon, including Samsung smartwatches,
36	Study: Daily Half Hour's Exercise Could Prevent 1 in 12 Early Deaths	People who exercise five days a week for 30 minutes significantly reduce their risk of dying early and of developing heart disease, even if a sports club or gym is not an option, according to a new international study. Tracking 130,000 people in 17 countries, both rich and poor, the study found that whether it's going to the gym, walking to work, or tackling household chores like laundry or gardening, being physically active extends life and reduces illness.
37	Alexa, What Do You See? Amazon Said to Be Working on Glasses	Amazon is attempting to develop glasses that pair with Alexa and would allow users to access the voice-activated assistant outside the home, according to a newspaper report. The Financial Times, citing anonymous sources, says the glasses could be released before the end of the year. Amazon.com Inc., based in Seattle, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
38	Six injured in London noxious substance attack	At least six people have been injured in an attack with noxious substance involved near a popular shopping center in Stratford, east London, on Saturday night.  Police and emergency services rushed to the scene near the Stratford Centre following reports of a group of males spraying people with what was believed to be noxious substance.  The metropolitan police have confirmed one male has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm....
39	Tech Leaders Prepare to Fight DACA Decision	They took to Twitter, Facebook and their corporate blog posts.  They called their congressional representatives, signed letters and pledged to fight. This week, many tech industry leaders geared up for battle after the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows people in the U.S. without legal documents to live, work and go to school without fear of deportation.
40	Cyber-thieves seek to cash in on Bitcoin boom	Bitcoin is valuable but hard to mine so many are now turning to other crypto-coins. Bitcoin's booming value has driven a huge rise in crypto-currency themed malware, say security firms. In one month, anti-malware software company Malwarebytes said it stopped almost 250 million attempts to place coin-mining malware on to PCs.
41	Cash Converters customer data breached	High Street pawnbroker Cash Converters has warned customers about a data breach on its website. The company said customer usernames, passwords and addresses had potentially been accessed by a third party. The data breach exposed accounts on the company's old UK website, which was replaced in September 2017.
42	Why You Should Smile in Your Online Photo	There is a marked difference in how first impressions are made through photographs versus in person. Because of the lasting power of first impressions, it is necessary to strategize both.  Regarding virtual communication, people can spend time thinking through answers before hitting the keyboard, making undesirable characteristics easier to hide. Yet photographs communicate personality traits as well. ...
43	E-cigarettes may trigger unique and potentially damaging immune responses: experts warn	E-cigarettes appear to trigger unique immune responses as well as the same ones that cigarettes trigger that can lead to lung disease, according to a new study, published this week in the American Thoracic Society's American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. ...
44	Driver arrested after hitting and injuring several people outside London museum	London Metropolitan Police said on Saturday afternoon a car hit and injured several pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum in West London.  One person has been arrested by security staff members following the incident in Exhibition Road in South Kensington.  A spokesperson of Scotland Yard said: It is not being treated as a terrorist incident at this stage while we establish what has happened.  Images and footages on social showed a black Toyota Prius mounted the pavement. ...
45	US couple stole goods worth $1.2m from Amazon	A couple in the US have admitted stealing goods from Amazon valued at more than $1.2m (£910,000) by repeatedly pretending that items they ordered were damaged in the post. Erin Joseph Finan, 38, and Leah Jeanette Finan, 37, from Indiana, have pleaded guilty to postal fraud and money laundering. The couple face fines of up to $500,000, as well as prison sentences of up to 20 years. They will be sentenced on 9 November. According to local newspaper the Muncie Star Press, the Finans used hundreds of false online identities to order popular tech gadgets from Amazon, including Samsung smartwatches,
46	Study: Daily Half Hour's Exercise Could Prevent 1 in 12 Early Deaths	People who exercise five days a week for 30 minutes significantly reduce their risk of dying early and of developing heart disease, even if a sports club or gym is not an option, according to a new international study. Tracking 130,000 people in 17 countries, both rich and poor, the study found that whether it's going to the gym, walking to work, or tackling household chores like laundry or gardening, being physically active extends life and reduces illness.
47	Alexa, What Do You See? Amazon Said to Be Working on Glasses	Amazon is attempting to develop glasses that pair with Alexa and would allow users to access the voice-activated assistant outside the home, according to a newspaper report. The Financial Times, citing anonymous sources, says the glasses could be released before the end of the year. Amazon.com Inc., based in Seattle, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
48	Six injured in London noxious substance attack	At least six people have been injured in an attack with noxious substance involved near a popular shopping center in Stratford, east London, on Saturday night.  Police and emergency services rushed to the scene near the Stratford Centre following reports of a group of males spraying people with what was believed to be noxious substance.  The metropolitan police have confirmed one male has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm....
49	Tech Leaders Prepare to Fight DACA Decision	They took to Twitter, Facebook and their corporate blog posts.  They called their congressional representatives, signed letters and pledged to fight. This week, many tech industry leaders geared up for battle after the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows people in the U.S. without legal documents to live, work and go to school without fear of deportation.
50	Cyber-thieves seek to cash in on Bitcoin boom	Bitcoin is valuable but hard to mine so many are now turning to other crypto-coins. Bitcoin's booming value has driven a huge rise in crypto-currency themed malware, say security firms. In one month, anti-malware software company Malwarebytes said it stopped almost 250 million attempts to place coin-mining malware on to PCs.
51	Cash Converters customer data breached	High Street pawnbroker Cash Converters has warned customers about a data breach on its website. The company said customer usernames, passwords and addresses had potentially been accessed by a third party. The data breach exposed accounts on the company's old UK website, which was replaced in September 2017.
52	Why You Should Smile in Your Online Photo	There is a marked difference in how first impressions are made through photographs versus in person. Because of the lasting power of first impressions, it is necessary to strategize both.  Regarding virtual communication, people can spend time thinking through answers before hitting the keyboard, making undesirable characteristics easier to hide. Yet photographs communicate personality traits as well. ...
53	E-cigarettes may trigger unique and potentially damaging immune responses: experts warn	E-cigarettes appear to trigger unique immune responses as well as the same ones that cigarettes trigger that can lead to lung disease, according to a new study, published this week in the American Thoracic Society's American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. ...
54	Driver arrested after hitting and injuring several people outside London museum	London Metropolitan Police said on Saturday afternoon a car hit and injured several pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum in West London.  One person has been arrested by security staff members following the incident in Exhibition Road in South Kensington.  A spokesperson of Scotland Yard said: It is not being treated as a terrorist incident at this stage while we establish what has happened.  Images and footages on social showed a black Toyota Prius mounted the pavement. ...
55	US couple stole goods worth $1.2m from Amazon	A couple in the US have admitted stealing goods from Amazon valued at more than $1.2m (£910,000) by repeatedly pretending that items they ordered were damaged in the post. Erin Joseph Finan, 38, and Leah Jeanette Finan, 37, from Indiana, have pleaded guilty to postal fraud and money laundering. The couple face fines of up to $500,000, as well as prison sentences of up to 20 years. They will be sentenced on 9 November. According to local newspaper the Muncie Star Press, the Finans used hundreds of false online identities to order popular tech gadgets from Amazon, including Samsung smartwatches,
56	Study: Daily Half Hour's Exercise Could Prevent 1 in 12 Early Deaths	People who exercise five days a week for 30 minutes significantly reduce their risk of dying early and of developing heart disease, even if a sports club or gym is not an option, according to a new international study. Tracking 130,000 people in 17 countries, both rich and poor, the study found that whether it's going to the gym, walking to work, or tackling household chores like laundry or gardening, being physically active extends life and reduces illness.
57	Alexa, What Do You See? Amazon Said to Be Working on Glasses	Amazon is attempting to develop glasses that pair with Alexa and would allow users to access the voice-activated assistant outside the home, according to a newspaper report. The Financial Times, citing anonymous sources, says the glasses could be released before the end of the year. Amazon.com Inc., based in Seattle, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
58	Six injured in London noxious substance attack	At least six people have been injured in an attack with noxious substance involved near a popular shopping center in Stratford, east London, on Saturday night.  Police and emergency services rushed to the scene near the Stratford Centre following reports of a group of males spraying people with what was believed to be noxious substance.  The metropolitan police have confirmed one male has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm....
59	Tech Leaders Prepare to Fight DACA Decision	They took to Twitter, Facebook and their corporate blog posts.  They called their congressional representatives, signed letters and pledged to fight. This week, many tech industry leaders geared up for battle after the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows people in the U.S. without legal documents to live, work and go to school without fear of deportation.
